## Variables:
To store a value and so it can be re-used later, it can be assigned to a variable. 

For example, if you want to say Hello! three times, you don't need to repeat the same string multiple times. Instead, you can assign it to a variable and re-use it:

    1   message = "Hello!"
    2   echo message
    3   echo message
    4   echo message
    5   

This program prints the string `Hello!` three times to the standard output, each followed by a line break. The name of a variable always starts with a lowercase ascii or unicode letter (or underscores) and can otherwise consist of alphanumeric characters (or underscores). As a typical convention in programming, uppercase letters are avoided and names are written in snake_case, but there is no explicit rules within Dragonstone preventing you from using uppercase.

### Type of a Variable:
The type of a variable is automatically inferred. In the above example, it's String. You can verify this with typeof:

    1   message = "Hello Jules!"
    2   
    3   echo typeof(message)
    4   

### Variable Expression:
The `e!` is similar to echo as it prints the value to the standard output, but it also prints the full expression. It's a useful tool for debugging:

    1   message = "Hello Jules!"
    2   
    3   e! typeof(message)
    4   

### Reassigning a Value:
A variable can be reassigned with a different value:

    1   message = "Hello Jules!"
    2   
    3   echo message
    4   
    5   message = "Hello Ringo!"
    6   
    7   echo message
    8   

This also works with values of different types. The type of the variable changes when a value of a different type is assigned.

    1   message = "Hello Jules!"
    2   
    3   e! message, typeof(message)
    4   
    5   message = 50
    6   
    7   e! message, typeof(message)
    8   
