## Strings:
A string, which is just a set of ascii or unicode characters, and by default are UTF-8 (this needed to be done to support unicode), all you need to do is enclose them in double-quotes `" "`. But, note that strings are immutable, any changes to that string will change its output later.

    1   message = "Hello!"
    2   echo message
    3   

    OUTPUT: Hello!

### Interpolation
String interpolation is a method in which you combine strings, this is done inside double-quotes `" "` and using `#{...}`. Here's an example:

    1   name = "V"
    2   echo "Hello, my name is #{name}"
    3   

    OUTPUT: Hello, my name is V

This also works with any type of variable, so it doesn't need to be a string only.

    1   number = "100"
    2   echo "Your grade is #{number}%"
    3   

    OUTPUT: Your grade is 100%

### Concatenation
An alternative to interpolation, or if you need to group multiple strings together you can use concatenation by adding strings with the `+` like this example:

    1   name = "V"
    2   echo "Hi, my name is " + name + "!"
    3   

    OUTPUT: Hi, my name is V!

### Escaping
Sometimes you might find trouble writing some characters in literals. Something like a double quote `" "` if used inside a string, would either throw an error or cause certain parts of you program to not run. The workaround for this in programming is by escaping. If a double quote is preceded by a backslash `\` it will be used as an escape and both characters together will output correctly.

    1   echo "I said: \"Hi\""
    2    

    OUTPUT: I said: "Hi"

Dragonstone has multiple types of escapes that won't print such as a line break `\n`, tabulator `\t`, and double backslash `\\`. Here is the current list, with more coming soon:

    Slash           =   /\//
    Backslash       =   /\\/
    Backspace       =   /\b/
    Tabulator       =   /\f/
    New Line        =   /\n/
    Return          =   /\r/
    Tab             =   /\t/
    Vertical Tab    =   /\v/

### Unicode
A Unicode is an international standard for text in many different writing systems. This includes not just the latin alphabet used in English, but also includes the characters of many others. The Unicode standard also includes things like emojis and icons.

    1   echo "I â¤ï¸ U!"
    2    

    OUTPUT: I â¤ï¸ U!

As usual with most programming languages you can use the unicode directly, however some characters or emojis may not be supported on all fonts or editors. Some don't even output and you may end up with a blank space. To use the unicode directly you have to use the `\` followed by the `u` codepoint and then in curly brackets `{...}` the hexadecimal of the emoji you wish to use, here's an example:

    1   echo "This is \u{1F525}"
    2    

    OUTPUT: This is ðŸ”¥

### String Manipulation 
Dragonstone also allows you to manipulate a string, so if you want to change how a string looks you can convert it using some of the methods it provides, with more coming soon:

    1   msg = "Hello World!"
    2   echo "standard: #{msg}"
    3   echo "upcased: #{msg.upcase}"
    4   echo "downcased: #{msg.downcase}"
    5   echo "reversed: #{msg.reverse}"
    6   

    OUTPUT: standard: Hello World!
            upcased: HELLO WORLD!
            downcased: hello world!
            reversed: !dlroW olleH

### Other String Types
There's also support for some other detailed information about strings. 

We can check the number of characters a string contains:

    1   msg = "Hello World!"
    2   e! msg.size
    3 

    OUTPUT: msg.size # => 12

Without `e!`:

    1   msg = "Hello World!"
    2   echo msg.size
    3 

    OUTPUT: 12

Or a simpler method with the Standard Library:

    1   use "strings_length"
    2   
    3   e! strings.length("Test")
    4   

    OUTPUT: strings.length("Test") # => 4

Without `e!`:

    1   use "strings_length"
    2   
    3   echo strings.length("Test")
    4   

    OUTPUT: 4
