## How to use the Interpreter
### Using the Dragonstone for interpreted programs:
Once Dragonstone is installed running scripts, via the interpreter, is pretty straightforward and below is a guide on how.

---

### To run files in terminals after Dragonstone has been added to env path:
In order to run this way dragonstone must be added to the user environmental path.

#### For Windows:
1. Open System Settings.
2. Search for `Edit the system environmental variables`.
3. This will open a window called `System Properties`.
4. In the `System Properties` window, under the tab called `Advanced`, in the bottom right there's a button called `Environmental Variables...` click on that button.
5. This will open another window titled `Environment Variables` on the top will have `User variables for [NAME]` or `System Variables`, you can choose User if you only want Dragonstone as a per user basis or system for any user profiles on your computer, either way both have a variable called `Path`, highlight that and click on the `Edit...` button below that context window which will open a new window called `Edit environment variable`.
6. In the `Edit environment variable` window, click on the `New` button on the right, doing so will highlight a new field to input text too, here you want to type the location of the `./bin` directory.

    example: `C:\wherever..you..put..it\dragonstone\bin`

7. Hit `OK` in `Edit environment variable` window. Hit `OK` in `Environment variable` window. Hit `OK` or `Apply` in `System Properties` window. All windows should be closed now.
8. You can now use the following command in any terminal or terminal location. 

```bash
    dragonstone run examples/hello_world.ds
```

---

### To run files in terminals where Dragonstone has not been added to evn path (and terminals like Bash):
First change to the directory of where the dragonstone.exe is located

```bash
    ./bin/dragonstone.exe run examples/hello_world.ds
```

---

### To run the crystal spec tests:

```bash
    crystal spec
```